[docs] Add demo for Premium (#4750)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/overview/overview.md

{{"demo": "DataGridProDemo.js", "defaultCodeOpen": false, "disableAd": true, "bg": "inline"}}

#### Premium Plan [<span class="plan-premium"></span>](https://mui.com/store/items/material-ui-premium/)

The Premium version contains all features from Pro, as well as exclusive features for data-rich applications.
The features already available in this version are Row grouping and Excel export, with more coming.

> In the following demo, you can experiment with them.

Author: I replaced the paragraph with slightly changes.

```js
import { DataGridPremium } from '@mui/x-data-grid-premium';
```

> {{"demo": "DataGridPremiumDemo.js", "defaultCodeOpen": false, "disableAd": true, "bg": "inline"}}

Reviewer: Excel export fails in this demo:
<img width="659" alt="Screenshot 2022-05-05 at 12 20 03" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13808724/166904722-5631095d-d7b5-4bd6-b9b5-3e37752056e3.png">

Reviewer: I'm looking into it

Reviewer: https://github.com/mui/mui-x/pull/4774

{{"demo": "DataGridProDemo.js", "defaultCodeOpen": false, "disableAd": true, "bg": "inline"}}

#### Premium Plan [<span class="plan-premium"></span>](https://mui.com/store/items/mui-x-premium/)

> The Premium version contains all features from Pro, as well as exclusive features for data-rich applications.

Reviewer 2: This would precision what we have in mind with "exclusive features", this is a more precise common denominators between all the Premium features, I believe:

```suggestion
The Premium version contains all features from Pro, as well as features for analyzing large datasets.
```

- [Selection](/x/react-data-grid/selection/)
- [Column virtualization](/x/react-data-grid/virtualization/#column-virtualization) and [rows virtualization](/x/react-data-grid/virtualization/#row-virtualization) <span class="plan-pro"></span>
- [Row grouping](/x/react-data-grid/row-grouping) <span class="plan-premium"></span>

> - [Excel export](/x/react-data-grid/export/) <span class="plan-premium"></span>

Reviewer 2: Better to link to the right scroll position:

```suggestion
- [Excel export](/x/react-data-grid/export/#excel-export) <span class="plan-premium"></span>
```
